PC-A MAC Address: 00:50:56:99:FA:B6
PC-B MAC Address: 00:50:56:99:4D:B5
S1 Fast Ethernet 0/1 MAC Address: 00:1b:0d:9b:a6:81
S2 Fast Ethernet 0/1 MAC Address: 00:18:b9:db:b2:01
Are there any MAC addresses recorded in the MAC address table? Yes, all other MAC addresses besides S2 listed above are in the table.

What MAC addresses are recorded in the table? To which switch ports are they mapped and to which
devices do they belong? Ignore MAC addresses that are mapped to the CPU.: S1->mapped to port->Fa0/1, PC-A->mapped to port->Fa0/1, PC-B->mapped to port->Fa0/18

If you had not previously recorded MAC addresses of network devices in Step 1, how could you tell which
devices the MAC addresses belong to, using only the output from the show mac address-table
command? Does it work in all scenarios?: Using the ports you can identify which network device the MAC address belongs to. This does not work if there are multiple MAC addresses mapped to the same port.

Quickly type the show mac address-table command again. Does the MAC address table have any
addresses in it for VLAN 1? Are there other MAC addresses listed?: only CPU based MAC addresses are listed

Wait 10 seconds, type the show mac address-table command, and press Enter. Are there new
addresses in the MAC address table?: Yes the MAC addresses mapped to port Fa0/1

From PC-B, open a command prompt and type arp -a. Not including multicast or broadcast addresses,
how many device IP-to-MAC address pairs have been learned by ARP?: 2 have been learned

From PC-B command prompt, ping PC-A, S1, and S2. Did all devices have successful replies?: Only PC-A returned successful replies.

From S2, enter the show mac address-table command. Has the switch added additional MAC
addresses to the MAC address table? If so, which addresses and devices?: There are no extra devices on the list compared to when we first populated it before clearing it in step 3.

From PC-B, open a command prompt and retype arp -a. Does the PC-B ARP cache have additional
entries for all network devices that were sent pings?: It does not.

Reflection
On Ethernet networks, data is delivered to devices by their MAC addresses. For this to happen, switches and
PCs dynamically build ARP caches and MAC address tables. With only a few computers on the network this
process seems fairly easy. What might be some of the challenges on larger networks?

Answer: Since switch MAC address-tables do not check the validity of their IP to MAC pairs it is possible for the ARP broadcasts to cause broadcast distortions resulting in incorrect pairs.